README.md, before:

# CMS for YoungVision.org - Built with Payload CMS

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

This is the content management system (CMS) for YoungVision.org, built using [Payload CMS](https://payloadcms.com/). It provides a powerful and flexible backend for managing the website's content.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- pnpm
- MongoDB

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms.git
   cd website-cms
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

3. **Environment Setup**
   - Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`
   - Update the environment variables as needed:
     ```
     MONGODB_URI=mongodb://localhost/youngvision-cms
     PAYLOAD_SECRET=your-secret-key
     ```

4. **Development**
   - Start the development server:
     ```bash
     pnpm dev
     ```
   - The CMS will be available at `http://localhost:3000/admin`

5. **Build for Production**
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

6. **Start Production Server**
   ```bash
   pnpm serve
   ```

## Scripts

- `pnpm dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm build` - Build for production
- `pnpm serve` - Start production server
- `pnpm generate:types` - Generate TypeScript types

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/Han2-Ro"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127860003?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Hannes"/><br /><sub><b>Hannes</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=Han2-Ro" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://bulik.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9407731?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Jonas"/><br /><sub><b>Jonas</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-MrGreenTea" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=MrGreenTea" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/aprevrah"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/119614085?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="ap"/><br /><sub><b>ap</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=aprevrah" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

docs(app): #13 add docker command for mongodb

README.md, after:

# CMS for YoungVision.org - Built with Payload CMS

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

This is the content management system (CMS) for YoungVision.org, built using [Payload CMS](https://payloadcms.com/). It provides a powerful and flexible backend for managing the website's content.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- pnpm
- MongoDB

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms.git
   cd website-cms
   ```

1. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

1. **Environment Setup**
   - Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`

1. **MongoDB Setup**
   - Start MongoDB for example with Docker:
     ```bash
     docker run --name mongodb-website-cms -p 27017:27017 mongo:latest
     ```
   - If needed update the `DATABASE_URI` in the `.env` file

1. **Development**
   - Start the development server:
     ```bash
     pnpm dev
     ```
   - The CMS will be available at `http://localhost:3000/admin`

1. **Build for Production**
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

1. **Start Production Server**
   ```bash
   pnpm serve
   ```

## Scripts

- `pnpm dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm build` - Build for production
- `pnpm serve` - Start production server
- `pnpm generate:types` - Generate TypeScript types

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/Han2-Ro"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/127860003?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Hannes"/><br /><sub><b>Hannes</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=Han2-Ro" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="http://bulik.dev"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9407731?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="Jonas"/><br /><sub><b>Jonas</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#infra-MrGreenTea" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=MrGreenTea" title="Code">💻</a></td>
      <td align="center" valign="top" width="14.28%"><a href="https://github.com/aprevrah"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/119614085?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt="ap"/><br /><sub><b>ap</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/YoungVision-eV/website-cms/commits?author=aprevrah" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
